# PKP|DIG Meeting Notes // November 2016

>We probably should have had an agenda?    
> August 31st, 2016

Attending : MN, KS, MM, KN, RG, GK, WJ, J
Regrets : MT, RC, A-JN, IC, JH

## Agenda

1. Update since last call (notes available here)
    - A totally re-vamped theming guide with a pile of recent edits from Kevin and Nate. This was one of the main outputs from the code sprint this fall in Fredericton and it's looking great. https://www.gitbook.com/book/pkp/pkp-theming-guide/details (Kevin)
    - Roger sent out some recommendations for the Getting Found, Staying Found 2.0 document yesterday calling for volunteers for specific sections. https://docs.google.com/document/d/11b5Ewklgk243WqEwgwD4-t4HvnuyoXQ3TdyfJgVjDwQ/edit (Roger)
    - OJS 3.0.1 is out. I'm pretty sure there won't be major ramifications for our existing docs but it might be worth running the patch notes to see if anything in the docs needs tweaking. (Mike/Kevin)
    - Request from the dev team for volunteers to work on the OJS 3 Technical Reference (along the same vein of the 2.x Technical Document (Kevin).
    - Book Build Issues (Mike).
2. Logistics update // Gitbook Invitations
3. Brief Words of Encouragement and also thanks.
4. AOB
    - Student experience (?)
    - Next meeting - last wednesday in January (skip December) = Jan 25, 2017 - 7am PST


## Notes


- Goal of the theming document to help folks make themes, and ideally ones that won’t break your upgrades. Nate added content on less and css. Open invitation to take a look at the doc if there are any recommendations. Hoping to have a small community of shared themes for OJS 3.x. Living document should help people sort this out.  
- Roger and GFSF. Added content to the document. Roger asking folks to jump in where appropriate if they could. Some of the sections could delve into more technical areas like SEO which might require more technical folks to break out those docs. Roger letting anyone who wants to help know that it’s fair game. It is in google docs, rather than GitBook.
    - Mike will move it to GitBook once it’s done.
    - Kevin proposes taking a first pass, so we could run it past folks who maybe are more likely to contribute (especially if we get it wrong).
    - Mike shared link to Scholarly Kitchen Nuts and Bolts Journal Starting Document: https://scholarlykitchen.sspnet.org/2016/08/04/nuts-and-bolts-the-super-long-list-of-things-to-do-when-starting-a-new-journal/
- OJS 3.0.1 released. Kevin’s been poking the developers to see if any of their work has necessary changes or doc implications. Aiming for a Spring 3.1 release.
- Possibly doing testing on Open Typesetting Stack. Do some documentation during the test that we can strengthen as we move forward. One of the plugins in the queue is the quick submit plugin. We’ll want to have a section in the 3.x doc to cover that.
- OJS 3.x Technical Document needs volunteers, but it might end up being a more broad PKP Library Technical Reference. Covering both with one. If you know anyone who wants to pipe up here and contribute, let us know!
- Issue with Gitbook builds figured out but not totally solved by Marco and Mike.
- Kaitlin couldn’t access the OMP demo installation, but Kevin mentioned there’s a new one coming today. Hooray!
- Student Experience w/ Kevin. Looking at student journals. Trying to figure out what SFU can do to support student journals and documentation. If you have students available for these sorts of things, they can be great projects. Working with an installation and documentation to figure out what is or is not helpful. Great way of getting some information. So, Kevin is putting out the idea there that there’s a possibility that we could start putting students on improving and criticizing/correcting documentation. 
